README.md, before:


> [!CAUTION]
> Archived due to API access removal and other often breaking changes on the DTF/VC/TJ site

# SaveDTF

![DTF_logo_low_res](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/47672780/164269052-5ad8858d-c8cb-4152-951e-873316b7562c.png)

**SaveDTF is a desktop app, powered
by [Jetpack Compose for Desktop](https://www.jetbrains.com/ru-ru/lp/compose-mpp/ "Jetpack Compose for Desktop"). It can
save pages from [DTF](https://dtf.ru "DTF"), [VC](https://vc.ru "VC") and [TJournal](https://tjournal.ru "TJournal")**

## [BETA 2.0.0](https://github.com/DareFox/SaveDTF-Compose/releases)

**[Инструкция на русском языке](https://github.com/DareFox/SaveDTF-Compose/blob/main/README_RU.md)**

## Features ✨

- Ability to download multiple articles at once
- Saving media along with the article
- Media caching

## Work in progress 🚧

- Download article with comments [[Done in 2.0.0 beta](https://github.com/DareFox/SaveDTF-Compose/releases)]
- Download articles from bookmarks [[Done in 2.0.0 beta](https://github.com/DareFox/SaveDTF-Compose/releases)]
- Download all articles from user profile [[Done in 2.0.0 beta](https://github.com/DareFox/SaveDTF-Compose/releases)]
- Make downloaded articles more fancier ✨ [[Done in 2.0.0 beta](https://github.com/DareFox/SaveDTF-Compose/releases)]

## Installation ⚙️

### Windows:

Download last version of SaveDTF [here](https://github.com/DareFox/SaveDTF-compose/releases/latest "here") and install
it

### Linux

- Install JDK 17
- Clone this repo
- Run this command in cloned folder: ```./gradlew package```
- Install compilied package

### MacOS

Apple requires all 3rd party apps to be signed and notarized (checked by Apple) for running on recent versions of macOS,
so you would need to build and sign app by
yourself. [Guide how to do it](https://github.com/JetBrains/compose-jb/blob/master/tutorials/Signing_and_notarization_on_macOS/README.md "Guide how to do it")

## License 📃

MIT

**F-r-e-e, that spells free**!

Commit message:

Add note about "no longer supported"

README.md, after:


> [!CAUTION]
> Archived due to API access removal and other often breaking changes on the DTF/VC/TJ site
> 
> Software is no longer supported and will no longer receive updates

# SaveDTF

![DTF_logo_low_res](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/47672780/164269052-5ad8858d-c8cb-4152-951e-873316b7562c.png)

**SaveDTF is a desktop app, powered
by [Jetpack Compose for Desktop](https://www.jetbrains.com/ru-ru/lp/compose-mpp/ "Jetpack Compose for Desktop"). It can
save pages from [DTF](https://dtf.ru "DTF"), [VC](https://vc.ru "VC") and [TJournal](https://tjournal.ru "TJournal")**

## [BETA 2.0.0](https://github.com/DareFox/SaveDTF-Compose/releases)

**[Инструкция на русском языке](https://github.com/DareFox/SaveDTF-Compose/blob/main/README_RU.md)**

## Features ✨

- Ability to download multiple articles at once
- Saving media along with the article
- Media caching

## Work in progress 🚧

- Download article with comments [[Done in 2.0.0 beta](https://github.com/DareFox/SaveDTF-Compose/releases)]
- Download articles from bookmarks [[Done in 2.0.0 beta](https://github.com/DareFox/SaveDTF-Compose/releases)]
- Download all articles from user profile [[Done in 2.0.0 beta](https://github.com/DareFox/SaveDTF-Compose/releases)]
- Make downloaded articles more fancier ✨ [[Done in 2.0.0 beta](https://github.com/DareFox/SaveDTF-Compose/releases)]

## Installation ⚙️

### Windows:

Download last version of SaveDTF [here](https://github.com/DareFox/SaveDTF-compose/releases/latest "here") and install
it

### Linux

- Install JDK 17
- Clone this repo
- Run this command in cloned folder: ```./gradlew package```
- Install compilied package

### MacOS

Apple requires all 3rd party apps to be signed and notarized (checked by Apple) for running on recent versions of macOS,
so you would need to build and sign app by
yourself. [Guide how to do it](https://github.com/JetBrains/compose-jb/blob/master/tutorials/Signing_and_notarization_on_macOS/README.md "Guide how to do it")

## License 📃

MIT

**F-r-e-e, that spells free**!
